>> Brian: So now we have a store, that's
what this is, this is a Redux store.
It has the ability to use the dev tools,
it has also the thunks
extension installed.
>> Brian: Okay, now what I want you to do,
let's go into here,
I'm gonna make a new folder inside
of my source directory, and
call it reducers
>> Brian: And
I'm gonna keep of all my individual
reducers inside this reducers folder.
>> Brian: So, inside of reducers,
make a new file called index.js.
>> Brian: Why index?
Well, here inside of store,
we said import reducer from ./reducers.
Reducers is not a file,
it's a directory, right?
But, if you say a directory, node will
result that automatically to be index.js
inside of that directory if it cannot
find a file called reducers.js.
>> Brian: So that's what this import
system ports the index file from reducers
which will be this index.js file.
>> Brian: Little bit
kind of clever hack but
I think it kind of cleans everything up,
it makes it look nice.
>> Brian: Okay, so
inside of this index,js file,
we're gonna say import
combineReducers from redux.
>> Brian: And
we're gonna import a ./location reducer,
which we have not written yet.
Oops, sorry,
import location from ./location.
This will be an additional reducer
that we will write momentarily.
>> Brian: And
we will export default combineReducers.
we'll have location be location.
So let's talk about what
combineReducers is here.
>> Brian: CombineReducers is
a helper function from Redux.
>> Brian: And what this helper function
does is helps us kind of keep everything
in order.
So now we have this
reducer called location.
And the only thing that this
location reducer has to do is
manage the location mutation of state.
So again, let's talk a little bit
about what a reducer is, probably,
at this point.
>> Brian: So
you don't have to follow along with this.
If I were to write this without
using combinedReducers,
the way that I would do this is, I'd write
a function called, const rootReducer.
>> Brian: And
this is going to be a function.
All reducer is a function that takes in,
>> Brian: The previous state of the repo.
And it takes in an action object, okay.
This action object is something
that it got from React.
The user clicked on this button which
dispatched action which is going to land
here inside of this action, right?
The state is going to be the previous
state of the store, right?
So let's pretend that we're only dealing
with just location for the moment.
So with the previous state,
>> Brian: Would be an object that
is just,
>> Brian: Location
is,
>> Brian: Seattle Washington
was the previous,
>> Brian: State.
>> Brian: And, the action is going to
be a new action, which is going to be
of type,
>> Brian: Set location, and
the payload for it will be San Francisco,
>> Brian: CA, okay?
Or the state is that, so this is the
previous state here, will look like that.
And the action it looks like this, right?
That's what's gonna come in here.
This is gonna be a huge switch
statement on action.type.
>> Brian: And on the case of
SET_LOCATION,
>> Brian: It's
going to dispatch to the location reducer.
So return,
>> Brian: Location
with state and action.
So all this does is it delegates
to another reducer, right?
This rootReducer, 100% of what it does
is just handout to other reducers and
returns their values.
Otherwise, this rootReduced would be
astronomically large for a big project,
right, so we have to separate
these out to delegated reducers.
And honestly,
you can have reducers that delegate other
reducers that delegate to other reducers.
This can go as far and wide as you want.
You can combined reducers
as many times as you want.